---
layout: post
title: Vita - Eth Chicago Conference
subtitle: Post by Baibhav Thapa
gh-repo: daattali/beautiful-jekyll
gh-badge: [star, fork, follow]
tags: [Eth, Conference]
comments: true
mathjax: true
author: Bill Smith
---

We deployed our own blockchain network and secured a win at ETHChicago Hackathon, all in one weekend! 

Underlying tech: We geeked out on all kinds of consensus mechanisms—PoW, PoS, PoH and PoS. We ended up sticking with our good ol' POS. It’s secure, eco-friendly, and didn't make us break our heads over complex validator setups that require expensive powerhouses. PoH was cool too, but let's be real, sorting out timestamps over a weekend felt like a buzzkill. Went forward with 8 validator nodes, which was enough for a small dApp. Honestly, Felt more like a layer-2 vibe by the end of it. Big shoutout to The Arbitrum Foundation, their tools were a total lifesaver for managing all those nodes.

I know the demo is long so here's a quick summary : 
Private blockchains don't exactly scream "power to the people." But hold up, we're not total sellouts. We're all about stability. Picture this: Taylor Swift drops some new collectable and everyone and their dog is on the blockchain. Gas fees go through the roof, and industries as crucial as the pharmaceutical gets hit the most with slow proofing! That's a no-go for us. We're here to make sure the basics don't get thrown off by the latest hype.

ETHChicago was a blast mainly because of the fantastic crew I teamed up with Logan and Neil Khedekar. Building networks and connections, both digital and personal was the coolest part. 

I'll post the RPC Urls and chain ID's as soon as I can so it can be used by more people straight from MetaMask. 
